well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight's going to be a little
bit different we're gonna do something
on this channel tonight that we've never
done before anything even remotely like
it we're going to conduct a little
experiment and I have some other people
who you may know helping me out with
this tonight we are going to talk about
the news like we normally do however
tonight we're actually going to talk
about the news the media itself you know
today's media they often bring in
experts who have a clear conflict of
interest with the subject matter that's
being talked about and they don't really
disclose it they often bring in people
who are not experts but they portray
them as if they are and it seems as
though the mission of today's media
rather than what it used to be you know
it used to be to convey information
provide context and alongside all of
that convey called
there's a lot of scary stuff in the
world there's no reason for everything
to be terrifying put it in perspective
but it's become so partisan and so well
just out of whack that everything has to
be shaped as it's almost the end of the
world what would happen if today's media
was around during the points in time
when the fate of the world actually did
hang in the balance
let's take a look welcome America it's
Mick Beauregard and tonight is October
22nd 1962 we have some troubling news
from the island of Cuba tonight but stay
tuned after our update for the latest on
the blockbuster film Lawrence of Arabia
and an update on the Belgians in the
Congo as outlined in President Kennedy's
address earlier tonight it appears the
Soviet Union has installed nuclear
missile launchers on the island in Cuba
this comes on the hills of garriepowers
being shot down in his u-2 spy plane
over the Soviet Union and the Bay of
Pigs invasion which was an invasion
carried out by Cuban exiles in an
attempt to liberate the eye
from the Cuban dictator and communist
bloc leader Fidel Castro a leader who at
this very moment is threatening the very
existence of the United States we can
only assume these missiles were placed
there for first-strike capability this
attack was thwarted by the fine work of
our US intelligence services saving
lives millions of lives at least for the
moment tonight we'll be bringing in
several guests to discuss the
president's actions or inactions first
up is racy dumb we're a DC insider with
close connections to the administration
thanks Mick yes the president's complete
inaction is reminiscent of his
reluctance to truly commit our boys to
help the poor people of Vietnam against
the aggression of dictator Ho Chi Minh
it's time for this president to stop
trying to achieve peace through talking
and push the button let's get this show
started he should start both now today
we fought the Germans and Japanese at
the same time surely we can handle Cuba
and Vietnam they'd be home before
Christmas yes yes Red China backing
Vietnamese leader Ho Chi Minh is
certainly a worry but tonight let's just
focus on Castro sorry Mick I just love
this country so much I wish the
Democrats did too anyway my friend
Denise knows Kelly who does Jackie's
hair and she said that Kelly said that
Jackie said that Bobby said the
president was too preoccupied with
Marilyn's death to even consider a
response to Castro he's just talking
about quarantining the island it's time
for him to man up we had a Republican in
the White House this wouldn't be
happening
that's reporting reminiscent of the
great gossip columnist Walter Winchell
their racy thanks for the insight
President Kennedy's decision to remain a
pacifist and just quarantine the island
has angered many in the defense
community we have a statement from
director of government ourselves for
murder on technology but tonight we'll
just be calling him a defense expert to
avoid any appearance of impropriety what
do I have to say the same thing we've
been saying since this piece Nick was
elected he wants to end the arms race
that's great but it's not possible
Russians are different than we are the
only respect force as little quarantine
shows exactly how weak this president is
does he think Khrushchev is just gonna
talk to him and they'll come to some
kind of an agreement we've only got one
option I want option only
the third option I'm a good friend Mac
presented the president we attack and we
attack now I know of a little coming
that produces a low altitude bomber that
could fly right under the radar take
them out with limited fuss that's what
has to be done
mr. president this does another stomach
for it I know what you're gonna say Ming
yes maybe we hit some Russian advisers
doing that maybe they respond by hitting
our boys in Berlin but that's the risk
I'm willing to take besides I know
company that's got these great new man
to take devices you'll love them look
we're gonna have to fight them sooner or
later and better now that name your
children's time what somebody think of
the children
indeed we need to think of the children
if we're gonna have a nuclear war we
need to have it now it's not like these
launch sites are for putting space
monkeys up for another perspective on
the inevitable coming war we have a
British journalist she typically reports
on royal scandals for the tabloids and
has no subject matter experience
whatsoever however she does have a
British accent which leads most American
viewers to believe that she's an expert
with a double doctorate of some sort
tonight rather than disclosing that will
just be referring to her as an
investigative reporter Catherine what
are your sources telling you my sources
which I can't name tell me that your
government is only telling you part of
the truth there might already be nuclear
weapons inside of the United States
right now I was told that they were
manufactured in Ukraine and they're
ready to crowd strike at any moment now
they might already be in your city today
you had far greater risk than you might
imagine and I was told that Atlanta is
one of the primary targets Mick you
might want to remember that and move out
of your area as soon as possible the
most important thing of all is not to
panic as you're building your fallout
shelters be leery of anyone that doesn't
look like you the president would like
you to remain calm but fear is what
keeps you safe
that's right people we have nothing to
fear but people who are slightly
different than us we're gonna take a
quick commercial break here and come
back with a special interview from a Bay
of Pigs veteran are you a veteran were
you asked to leave the service with an
other than honorable discharge did you
receive a dishonorable discharge here at
murder on technologies none of that
matters we can place you in a contract
position and get you right back into the
job you were in in next to no time
remember the US taxpayer spent tens of
thousands if not hundreds of thousands
of dollars training you to become an
instrument of war just because you've
been a little too free with that
training doesn't mean anything this is
the American Way it's capitalism and its
finest murder on man
murder on welcome back now we have a
very special guest who we can't name for
security reasons he's a veteran of the
Bay of Pigs invasion and it's going to
explain to us why this time our efforts
to teach Cuba our peaceful ways by force
will work I understand he is currently
definitely not at this exact moment
training more Cuban exiles to once again
invade the country you've appeared many
times as an expert since your herring
harrowing escape from Cuba when you
selflessly try to free the Cuban people
from themselves and were employed by
Christians in action why will this time
be different thanks Mick we're on the
range today so please bear gunfire in
the background listen I suppose I could
be considered an expert on these matters
and as an expert I would tell you that
the Cuban people want democracy they
want what we have they want it so bad
that we have to go in there and murder
people to give it to them we owe them
that much I agree with the murder on
technologies representative we have to
go in there and take that whole damn
island if the Soviet Union is going to
force them to take nuclear weapons then
we have no other choice but to go in and
invade them human people are living
under the boot of an authoritarian
regime we need spread democracy I've
been there I've seen the babies being
taken out of incubators WMDs there are
state sponsors the United States would
never do this to another sovereign
nation could
you imagine if they left missiles in
Turkey oh wait we need to invade them
before they invade us they might have
already they're sneaky they're sneaky
sneaks and those doves in Washington
listening and Kennedy are just gonna get
us killed in anyway what did they know
about war back to you indeed true
patriots in this country know this
soft-handed
eastern elite attitude is just going to
lead to the destruction of the United
States we need act and he'd act now
JFK needs to act before he gets us all
blown away
up next is pox and prims talking about
the first row boy banned in the United
States as British Beatlemania sweeps the
nation in the meantime enjoy the stock
footage of the new craze sweeping the
nation the hula-hoop keep informed on
America's most trusted network for what
might pass for news good night America
and God bless